Rapyd-Tk version history.

Version 1.0.2   2014-07-01

    Corrected a bug which at new-project time would result in failure
    on some systems.

Version 1.0.1   2014-06-27

    Corrected a bug in form import.
    
Version 1.0.0   2014-05-27

    #There are rather a lot of changes that happened with this release.
    #  They are lised here roughly in order of more-important to less-
    #  important. 
    
    The text editor now has undo/redo.
    In the option editor, we now have a proper assist dialog for helping
        the user to select the color. In this dialog you can request the
        default color, you can request a particular color or you can enter
        an arbitrary string to be used as the color setting.
    Rewrote the font-assist dialog. In addition to letting you choose the
        default font or a specific font, it now allows you to specify an
        arbitrary string to be used as the font setting.
    There were a number of problems relating to font specification in
        the option editor that are now resolved.
    In the option and pack editors, integer and dimensioned number fields
        now have a proper assist where you can enter a number or 
        arbitrary code.
    Various changes so we are able to work with accented unicode characters.
    Added a new config file option which specifies the size of the initial
        help window as a percentage of the screen size.
    Updated the bindings in the Idle-like editor scheme to match those
        now in use by Idle.
    When generating the code for a form, we now generate the control variables
        first, followed by the widgets. Previously control variables were
        generated just prior to the widget with which they are associated
        and it was possible to have cases where a control variable was
        referenced before it was created.
    If several RadioButtons sharing the same control variable all said "Create
        this control variable automatically" then we generated the code to
        create it several times. Now we do so only once.
    In Help, pressing the Escape key will now dismiss the dialog.
    In the "MidnightCommander" editing scheme, changed the "Exit" key
        from Alt-q to Control-q.
    Automatic renaming of event handler names at widget-rename time was
        problematic if the widget name started with double-underscore.
        This has been corrected.
    When pasting a file into text we now expand tabs to an appropriate amount
        of spaces.
    Improved the information supplied by the error handler when a user-project
        contains syntax or indententatioin errors.
    Under certain circumstances HELP would use an incorrect path when fetching
        images resulting in those images being unavailable. Fixed.
    The radio buttons in the textvariable assist were being set to arbitrary 
        colors for reasons long ago forgotten. Deleted this setting of 
        colors as it looked bad on some systems.
    At create-new-project time if the user entered an invalid name then
        we issued an obscure message and terminated on an exception. Now
        we issue a reasonable error complete with suitable help.
    Improved the algorithm for assigning the pack side option when a single
        widget is in a long, narrow frame.
    If Rapyd-Tk was invoked from the command line with a path to a file
        then, if the file did not exist, we did not present the directory
        properly in a subsequent new-project dialog. Now we do.
    At new-project time, if the user asks for a directory that doesn't
        exist then we offer to create it for them.
    On some systems some dialogs were appearing with buttons truncated 
        because the dialogs were too small. Fixed.
    On the title bar of the main window we now show the full path of the
        current project¸ not just the name of the project.
    If you renamed a project's ".rpj" file using the operating system and
        then tried to load the renamed project we would crash on an obscure
        error. Now we issue a polite message saying you can't do that and
        the associated help message explains how to copy or rename a project.
    The AutoMangle config option now has an three possible settings, which
        provides for suggested widget and event-handler names starting with
        zero, one or two underscores.
    If you made a change to the value of an option or pack editor value and
        then immediately used one of the resize-knobs, then the just set
        value was lost. Corrected.
    Added a help topic explaining the non-obvious ways to select text in 
        the code editor.
    Going to an event handler by double-clicking on its binding was not updating
        the text-editors status line. It does now.
    The text-editors status-line now shows the full stack of remembered line
        numbers, not just the number of entries in the stack.
    In places where we previously had used hard-coded slash character in 
        reference to paths we now use os.path.sep.
    If the user ran Rapyd-Tk with a relative path to a project then we would
        crash on an error when the project was run. Corrected.
    [My appreciation to Wilson Wang for reporting the above two issues AND for
        supplying suggested corrections. Thanks!]
    Improved the handling of syntax errors on the last line of a form.
    In the text editor, after renaming an event handler we place the cursor
        over the first line of that handler.
    Help messages had been taking several seconds to close. Revised to 
        speed that up.
    Changed the geometry of the error display dialog so it now comes up 
        at 60% of the size of the screen.
    If the user called up "Forms/Import a form" and then cancelled we would
        raise an exception. Fixed.
    The "Import Form" dialog opened with a silly filename showing. Fixed.
    Various minor corrections to the "Export Form" dialog.
    In the Bind Assist, "enter" and "escape" are now bound to the OK and 
        Cancel buttons.
    Improved the way PgUP and PgDn work.
    In the bind editor the "radio-button" assists that pop up for things
        like "state" and "relief" can now be dismissed with the Esc key.
    In the code editor the "goto line number" action was not updating the
        status display. It does now.
    In the option editor the "command" assist now binds Enter and Escape
        to the OK and Help buttons.

Version 0.1.2   2010-08-01
    Added form export/import.
    We wern't checking for missing widget definitions at load time. Fixed.
    Tkinter.Text PgUp/PgDn are not always symertical. Added code to handle
        PgUp/PgDn ourself and now it *is* symetrical.
    Text editor rememberance stack now remembers column position as well
        as line number.
    Following a search we no longer select the found text.

    In the config file, Tkinter.Listbox xscrollcommand and yscrollcommand
        options are now set to be of type "command". Previously they were,
        erroniously, set to be of type "text".
    Added "Tkinter.wantobjects = False" to put Tkinter functionality back
        to what it was previously.
    Python is now reporting errors somewhat differently. Added code to
        rpErrorHandler to play nicely with this new format.
    Added a check to disallow exporting the main form of the main module.

Version 0.1.1   2007-0108
    In config file, fixed typo in pyclass default specification of Pmw
        ScrolledCanvas.
    If the user set the "pyclass" option of a widget whose donor module had
        been imported using the "import <module>" form then we were, 
        erroniously, prepending the module name to the user supplied pyclass
        value. Fixed.
    Revised help messages to reference the new 'rapyd@bitflipper' email
        address and the 'www.bitflipper.ca/rapyd' web site.
    Frame-insert help page was missing diagrams, now added.

Version 0.1.0   2006-12-17
    Bumped the version up to 0.1.x both because Rapyd has been in use long
        enough that some signs of stability are seen and because the 
        "pyclass" feature is not downward compatible.
    Added the "pyclass" option to all widgets and updated the help messages.
    At new-binding time if there was already a handler with a longer name
        which matched the name of the new handler (eg existing handler
        "yada_Button_D" vs new handler "yada_Button") then we were failing
        to create the new handler because we, erroniously, thought a handler
        of the required name already existed. Fixed.
    Fixed a number of nasty bugs which could happen when frames were created
        or deleted.
    Added "Frame insert" feature to layout area right-click popup.
    Up until now we have, erroniously, been allowing users to insert spaces
        in systext. Fixed.
    Revised the line-outdent logic. Previously we would not outdent if we were
        at the left of the line, which was technically correct in being the
        exact inverse of line-indent. Now if at the left of the line we delete
        spaces to the right which seems a bit more intuitive.

Version 0.0.7   2006-05-13
    Code-editor 'outdent-block' action was refusing to outdent empty lines.
        Fixed.

Version 0.0.6   2006-05-12
    From rpOptions.py removed the legacy "font_Assist" and made the 
        "dim_Assist" into a pro-forma dummy.
    All use of Pmw widgets removed. Rapyd-Tk is no longer dependent on Pmw, 
        although it continues to support Pmw for user projects.
    Added missing help topic 'bindassist.badcomponent'.
    Code editor schemas wern't properly handling the font specification. Fixed.
    Changed the default code editor front to ('Terminal','12'). Was previously
        an X font string.
    The previous demonstration project "RapydDemo.rpj" used Pmw widgets. Replaced
        it with a simple calculator which does not depend on Pmw.
    Revised the default font specifications to be in points, not pixels
    For the zip-compressed version we now put windows-style CRLF line endings
        on all the text files. Was just LF.
    Some version of pythonn (eg 2.2 under windows) do not report, in the 
        traceback list, the name of the file in which a syntax-class error was
        detected. We now handle this case gracefully, although we can not
        display the offending line since we don't know the file.
    Some versions of windows get upset if, when spawning a program, you pass ''
        as the first argument. When running a project we now pass a dummy first
        argument to keep windows happy.

Version 0.0.5   2006-05-06
    Revised 'rapyd.template' so there is no try/accept for modules other than
        the main module.
    At project-run time when we are about to swtich to the current-working-
        directory to the project directory we check for a project directory of
        '' (meaning the current directory) and in that case do nothing.   
    Revised 'rapyd.template' to add code that adds the current directory to
        sys.path to so we can find other modules of the project.    
    At new-module-create and at module-rename times we were checking in the 
        current directory for existing (non-project) modules of the same name
        when we should have been checking in the project directory. Fixed.    
    For the Tkinter "text" widget, "wrap" option, for no-wrap the config file
        specified None (the Python object) when it should have specified the
        text string "none". Fixed.        

Version 0.0.4   2006-05-04
    At startup we were neglecting to close the template file. Fixed.
    At project-run time we now switch the current-working-directory to be the
        projects directory, to facilitate import of project modules.
    More revisions to the run-time error handler; there were a couple of
        cases it wasn't handling properly. There are an annoyingly large number
        of cases to be handled, at last count 23, all of which have to be tested
        when a change is made to the handler.

Version 0.0.3   2006-04-29
    Many changes to the run-time error handler module rpErrorHandler. It
        wasn't properly handling errors when the project was in a different
        directory than rapyd and it wasn't properly dealing with some errors
        detected during the nominal syntax error check.
    Made some cosmetic corrections to the RapydDemo project.
    Removed spurious debug message from font assist dialog.
    Removed unused routine "CenterOnWidget" from RapydDemo project.    
    In README.TXT added reference to the "<project-name>.dec" decoder file
        needed by rpErrorHandler in standalone mode.
    Fixed a bug which, if there were one or more bindings on the outer-most
        frame of a form, generated corrupt code to create the bindings.
    The event wizard was improperly retaining detail (key or button) information
        when an event type was changed from key to some other type or from 
        button to some other type. Fixed.

Version 0.0.2   2006-04-25
    Fixed a problem in the directory-select routine (used at new project time)
        which was apparently a result of a change in Tkinter.

Version 0.0.1   2006-04-24
    Added shebang line at top of rapyd.py

Version 0.0.0
    Initial alpha release